---
id: "2024-05-28"
aliases: []
tags: []
---

TARGET DECK: english::bloomberg

However, this ==sensational== round of golf should end any ==lingering== doubts over his ==temperament==. #flashcard
However, this ==sensational 非常好的== round of golf should end any ==lingering 揮之不去== doubts over his ==temperament ˈtemp(ə)rəm(ə)nt 性格==.
<!--ID: 1716903984342-->


Rachel's arrival ==on the scene== had ==unleashed== passions in him that he could scarcely control. #flashcard
Rachel's arrival ==on the scene在現場== had ==unleashed爆發== passions in him that he could scarcely control.
<!--ID: 1716903984348-->


But while the ==populist’s austerity== may be cheering ==well-heeled== investors on Wall Street as it pushes up bond prices and strengthens the peso, it’s having a devastating effect on the people who ==put== Milei ==in office==. #flashcard
But while the ==populist’s 民粹主義者 austerity 緊縮== may be cheering ==well-heeled 有錢的== investors on Wall Street as it pushes up bond prices and strengthens the peso, it’s having a devastating effect on the people who ==put== Milei ==in office 使...上任==.
<!--ID: 1716903984352-->


==chief prosecutor== #flashcard
==chief prosecutor 首席檢察官==
<!--ID: 1716903984355-->


==recognizing== Palestine as a state #flashcard
==recognizing 承認== Palestine as a state
<!--ID: 1716903984359-->


literate P #flashcard
識字的
<!--ID: 1716903984363-->


==near-term== rate #flashcard
==near-term 近期的== rate
<!--ID: 1716903984367-->


a ==steep== slope #flashcard
a ==steep 陡峭的== slope
<!--ID: 1716903984370-->


water cannons were turned on ==marchers== and innocent ==bystanders== alike #flashcard
water cannons were turned on ==marchers 游行者== and innocent ==bystanders 旁觀者== alike
<!--ID: 1716903984374-->

Crowds of desperate Gazans ==intercepted== almost all of the aid sent over a temporary ==pier== built by the US military, ==forcing== a halt to deliveries and complicating already ==dire== conditions #flashcard
Crowds of desperate Gazans ==intercepted 攔截== almost all of the aid sent over a temporary ==pier pir 碼頭== built by the US military, ==forcing== a halt to deliveries and complicating already ==dire ˈdī(ə)r 可怕的== conditions

The bomb attack was in ==retaliation== for the recent arrest of two well-known terrorists. #flashcard 
The bomb attack was in ==retaliation rəˌtalēˈāSH(ə)n 報復== for the recent arrest of two well-known terrorists.

It took 15 years for the alleged əˈlej(ə)d 被指控 criminals (= people thought to be criminals) to prove their innocence. #flashcard 
It took 15 years for the ==alleged əˈlej(ə)d 被指控== criminals (= people thought to be criminals) to prove their innocence.

Many people are living in encampments around the city with no electricity or running water. #flashcard 
Many people are living in ==encampments 營地== around the city with no electricity or running water.

A 73-year-old Briton died and dozens were severely injured #flashcard 
A 73-year-old Briton died and ==dozens ˈdəz(ə)n 數十人== were severely injured

trauma #flashcard 
n. 創傷 ˈtrômə

walk over blast ==rubble== following Israeli ==shelling== of a residential district of al-Zawaida in central Gaza. #flashcard 
walk over blast ==rubble 瓦礫堆== following Israeli ==shelling 炮擊== of a residential district of al-Zawaida in central Gaza.
















